This was originally a school project that my group and I took in a different direction. The user gets 9 different artist selections and 
chooses one. The program reads through the artists downloaded lyrics and trains itself with ngram models to make sentences that mimic the 
artists diction. Using NLTK pacakges we also made the sentences more grammatical and all the sentences rhyme. We then created a 
interactive twitterbot. We utilized Twitter's tweepy API. Using this API, we were able to update the twitter status of a twitter account 
we created specifcally for this project. Additionally, we were able to scan current tweets using this API. Using previous abilities to 
generate. So, a mindful user would have some randomly generated Bob Dylan lyrics sent to someone who recently posted about Bob Dylan. The 
tweets show up immediately under the BATT Productions twitter account. By scraping for more lyrics by more musicians,  we enhanced our 
previous design from the core to incorporate multiple authors. Now, users can select which authors lyrics they would like and who they 
would like to send
them to. 

Download nltk. Download the tagger. For the grammatical lyrics aspect of this project, the lyrics generated by generateLyricalSentence are 
checked in the process of generating the lyrics to ensure they are grammatically accurate. There is a tag function that uses an nltk 
tagger to tag the words as the lyrics are being generated. There are two functions, after() and during() in which there are grammar rules 
for English that are used by generateLyricalSentence in order to ensure that the grammar is accurate. These functions use the tagged 
version of the words.

Twitter account
https://twitter.com/BATT_Inc183
Contact info: 
atalpade@umich.edu
